Add PR template (#140)
fauna/fauna-dotnet: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the title. -->
```

### Description

> <!--- Describe your changes in detail -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Describe your changes in detail. -->
```

> ### Motivation and Context

Reviewer: Nit: I'd use sentence case in headings. It tends to be easier to read.
```suggestion
### Motivation and context
```

<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->

> <!--- If it fixes an open issue, please link to the issue here. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- If it fixes an open issue, link to the issue. -->
```

> ### How Has This Been Tested?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How was the change tested?
```

> <!--- Please describe in detail how you tested your changes. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Describe how you tested your changes. -->
```

> <!--- Include details of your testing environment, the tests you ran to -->
> <!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Include details of your testing environment, tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->
```

### Screenshots (if appropriate):

> ### Types of Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Change types
```

> <!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in any boxes that apply: -->
```

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change that fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change that adds functionality)

> - [ ] Breaking change (a backwards incompatible fix or feature)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Breaking change (backwards-incompatible fix or feature)
```

### Checklist:

> <!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
> <!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- Review the following points. Put an `x` in any boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
```

- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] My change requires a change to Fauna documentation.

> - [ ] My change requires a change to the README and I have updated it accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My change requires a change to the README, and I have updated it accordingly.
```
